dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_PokeApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_PokeApp
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_di_UtilModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_di_UtilModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_PokeApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_PokeApp_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_pokemonlist_ui_PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_pokemonlist_ui_PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/PokeApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.PokeApp_GeneratedInjector
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/pokemon/di/PokemonModule_ProvidePokemonServiceFactory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.pokemon.di.PokemonModule_ProvidePokemonServiceFactory
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/pokemon/utils/IdExtractor_Factory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.pokemon.utils.IdExtractor_Factory
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.pokemon.utils.IdExtractor_Factory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_lib_pokemon_di_PokemonModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_lib_pokemon_di_PokemonModule
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/type/TypeRepository_Factory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.type.TypeRepository_Factory
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/network/NetworkModule_ProvideLoggingInterceptorFactory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.network.NetworkModule_ProvideLoggingInterceptorFactory
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.network.NetworkModule_ProvideLoggingInterceptorFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_lib_type_di_TypeModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_lib_type_di_TypeModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/di/AppModule_ProvideCoroutineContextProviderFactory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.di.AppModule_ProvideCoroutineContextProviderFactory
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.di.AppModule_ProvideCoroutineContextProviderFactory$InstanceHolder
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/type/TypeColorLoader_Factory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.type.TypeColorLoader_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_di_AppModule
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/network/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.network.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/network/NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.network.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_pokemonlist_ui_PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_pokemonlist_ui_PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/di/UtilModule_ProvideGsonFactory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.di.UtilModule_ProvideGsonFactory
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.di.UtilModule_ProvideGsonFactory$InstanceHolder
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/pokemonlist/ui/PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.pokemonlist.ui.PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.pokemonlist.ui.PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_oscarg798_pokedesk_lib_network_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_oscarg798_pokedesk_lib_network_NetworkModule
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/type/di/TypeModule_ProvideTypeRepositoryFactory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.type.di.TypeModule_ProvideTypeRepositoryFactory
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/BuildConfig.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.BuildConfig
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/lib/pokemon/repository/PokemonRepository_Factory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.lib.pokemon.repository.PokemonRepository_Factory
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/pokemonlist/ui/PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.pokemonlist.ui.PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.pokemonlist.ui.PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.pokemonlist.ui.PokemonListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/pokemonlist/usecase/GetPokemonListItems_Factory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.pokemonlist.usecase.GetPokemonListItems_Factory
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/pokemonlist/ui/PokemonListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.pokemonlist.ui.PokemonListViewModel_Factory
com/oscarg798/pokedesk/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.oscarg798.pokedesk.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
